# Magic

The `magic` module provides a way to simulate Python's magic methods in JavaScript. It allows you to create unique symbols for method identifiers, similar to how magic methods work in Python.

### Usage

To use the `magic` module, import it into your JavaScript file:

```js
import magic from '@kuba/magic'
```

The `magic` module exports a single object that acts as a proxy. It overrides the `get` handler of the proxy object to generate unique symbols for method identifiers. Here's an example of how to use it:

```js
console.log(magic.__add__) // Symbol(__add__)
console.log(magic.__sub__) // Symbol(__sub__)
```

In the example above, we access the `__add__` and `__sub__` properties of the `magic` object. Each property is represented by a unique symbol generated by the `magic` module.

### Use Cases

The `magic` module can be useful in various scenarios, such as:

- Creating custom operator overloading methods.
- Defining special behaviors for certain operations.
- Implementing advanced functionality in class-based systems.

By leveraging the unique symbols generated by the `magic` module, you can enhance the expressiveness and flexibility of your JavaScript code.

### Limitations

It's important to note that the `magic` module only provides a mechanism for generating unique symbols as method identifiers. It does not implement any specific functionality or behavior associated with those symbols. The actual implementation and usage of the symbols are left to the developer's discretion.

### Acknowledgments

The `magic` module is inspired by Python's magic methods and aims to bring similar functionality to JavaScript developers.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request on the GitHub repository for this package.

### License

This package is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
